CYGWIN.md, before:

Installing to Cygwin
----

This is based on installing onto a fresh default installation of Cygwin 2.4.1 (64-bit installation) running in Windows 10
inside VMWare Fusion on a Mac. 

Note: to enable Cygwin to resolve domain names, it was found necessary to go to Windows `Control Panel` > `Network and Internet` > `Network Connections` >
`Ethernet0` > `Properties` > `Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4)` > `Properties`, select `Use the following DNS server addresses`
and enter valid DNS server addresses, e.g. `8.8.8.8`.

* Use `Cygwin Setup` to install the following packages:
  * `pkg-config`
  * `autoconf`
  *  `automake`
  *  `clang`
  *  `libdaemon-devel`
  *  `popt-devel`
  *  `make`
  *  `libao-devel`
  *  `openssl-devel`
  *  `libtool`
  *  `git`
  * `wget` for convenience,
  * `flex` for compiling `libconfig`
  * `bison` for compiling `libconfig` 

* Download, configure, compile and install `libconfig`:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/hyperrealm/libconfig.git
$ cd libconfig
$ autoreconf -fi
$ ./configure
$ make
$ make install
$ cd ..
```
* Next, download, configure and compile Shairport Sync:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/mikebrady/shairport-sync.git
$ cd shairport-sync
$ autoreconf -fi
$ PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/usr/local/lib/pkgconfig ./configure --with-ao --with-ssl=openssl --with-tinysvcmdns
$ make
$ make install
```
* That's it. There should be a `shairport-sync.exe` file in your directory.

Commit message:

Some problems that I face when I try to install on windows 10

CYGWIN.md, after:

Installing to Cygwin
----

This is based on installing onto a fresh default installation of Cygwin 2.4.1 (64-bit installation) running in Windows 10
inside VMWare Fusion on a Mac. 

Note: to enable Cygwin to resolve domain names, it was found necessary to go to Windows `Control Panel` > `Network and Internet` > `Network Connections` >
`Ethernet0` > `Properties` > `Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4)` > `Properties`, select `Use the following DNS server addresses`
and enter valid DNS server addresses, e.g. `8.8.8.8`.

* Use `Cygwin Setup` to install the following packages:
  * `pkg-config`
  * `autoconf`
  *  `automake`
  *  `clang`
  *  `libdaemon-devel`
  *  `popt-devel`
  *  `make`
  *  `libao-devel`
  *  `openssl-devel`
  *  `libtool`
  *  `git`
  * `wget` for convenience,
  * `flex` for compiling `libconfig`
  * `bison` for compiling `libconfig` 

* Download, configure, compile and install `libconfig`:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/hyperrealm/libconfig.git
$ cd libconfig
$ create a .gitattributes file with the content in https://pete.akeo.ie/2010/12/that-darn-libtoolize-acconfigmacrodirm4.html
$ open Cygwin.bat (probably in C:\cygwin ) and in that shell navigate to the libconfig folder ( if you need to change to drive d, for instance, do `cd cygdrive/d`
$ autoreconf -fi
$ ./configure
$ make
$ make install
$ cd ..
```
* Next, download, configure and compile Shairport Sync:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/mikebrady/shairport-sync.git
$ cd shairport-sync
$ autoreconf -fi
$ PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/usr/local/lib/pkgconfig ./configure --with-ao --with-ssl=openssl --with-tinysvcmdns
$ make
$ make install
```
* That's it. There should be a `shairport-sync.exe` file in your directory.
